Atru/query and import bulk (#942)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.14.x (alpha)/docs/language/block/tfquery/list.mdx

## Complete configuration

The following `list` block includes all supported built-in arguments:

```hcl
list "<TYPE>" "<LABEL>" {
  provider = <provider>.<alias>
  count = <number> # `count` and `for_each` are mutually exclusive
  for_each [ # `for_each` and `count` are mutually exclusive
    <KEY> = <VALUE>
  ]
  include_resource = <false>
  limit = 100
  config {
    <provider-specific arguments> # refer to your provider documentation
  }
}
```

## Specification

A `list` block supports the following configuration.

### `list "<TYPE>" "<LABEL>"`

You must set the following arguments for every `list` block:

- `TYPE`: Specifies the type of resource you want to query. Refer to the provider documentation for the available resource types.
- `LABEL`: Specifies a name for the specific `list` block. The label must be unique in the current directory. Use the `list.<label>.<attribute>` syntax to reference the `list` block. Refer to [References to Named Values](/terraform/language/expressions/references) and [Resource naming](/terraform/language/style#resource-naming) for expression syntax and label recommendations.

### `provider`

> The `provider` argument instructs Terraform to use an alternate provider configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
The `provider` argument specifies which provider configuration Terraform uses to query infrastructure.
```

```hcl
list "<TYPE>" "<LABEL>" {

>   provider = <provider>.<alias>

Author: ```suggestion
  provider = <provider>
```

---
page_title: list block reference for `.tfquery.hcl` files
description: |-
 Add the `list` block to your `.tfquery.hcl` files to declare Terraform providers and configure them when querying existing infrastructure for resources to import. 
---

# `list` block reference

> The `list` block defines a query that reads existing infrastructure and returns unmanaged resources that you can import to your Terraform workspace. You can only add `list` blocks to configuration files with `.tfquery.hcl` extensions. This topic provides reference information about configuring `list` blocks in `.tfquery.hcl` files. Refer to [Import existing resources in bulk](/terraform/language/import/bulk) for information about querying and importing resources. 

Reviewer: Just the same note, double check the language around "unmanaged resources" since I think _technically_ it can return managed resources.
